boards: nordic: add specific jlink device (#819)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: doc/nrf-bm/release_notes/release_notes_changelog.rst

Boards
======

> * Updated the boards to use specific jlink devices from the nRF54l series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the boards to use specific J-Link devices from the nRF54L series.
```

>   This improves debugging in VSCode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This improves debugging in VS Code.
```
